feature: Fetches information for non accounts usage CY-3408 (#11)
codacy/codacy-usage-report: README.md

# codacy-usage-report

> codacy-usage-report is a script that generates a CSV file with the following activity information for each Codacy committer:

Reviewer: I'm thinking if "contributor" would be a word more suited than "committer"? :thinking:

```suggestion
codacy-usage-report is a script that generates a CSV file with the following activity information for each contributor that has their commits analyzed on Codacy:
```

This concept is mentioned a lot on the GitHub and GitLab documentation (but I couldn't find many instances on the Bitbucket docs):

* https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/visualizing-repository-data-with-graphs/viewing-a-projects-contributors
* https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/development/contributing/

Author: I like it, and it is a term that is already used!

-   Date of creation
-   Date of the last login
-   Date of the last commit
-   Number of commits
-   Email addresses used on the commits
-   Date of removal, if applicable

> -   If the committer has an account on Codacy

Reviewer: If we change the sentence above, this could become:

```suggestion
-   If the contributor has an account on Codacy
```
